[TASK] Deprecation: #104773 - ext:backend LoginProviderInterface changes (#4742)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Backend/LoginProvider.rst

LoginProviderInterface
======================

..  deprecated:: 13.3
    Method :php:`LoginProviderInterface->render()` has been marked as deprecated
    and is substituted by  :php:`LoginProviderInterface->modifyView()` that will
    be added to the interface in TYPO3 v14, removing :php:`render()` from the
    interface in v14. See section :ref:`login-provider-interface-migration`.

The :php-short:`TYPO3\CMS\Backend\LoginProvider\LoginProviderInterface` contains
only the deprecated `render()` method in TYPO3 v13.

..  include:: /CodeSnippets/Backend/LoginProviderInterface.rst.txt

..  _login-provider-interface-migration:

Migration
---------

Consumers of :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\LoginProvider\LoginProviderInterface`

> should implement :php:`modifyView()` instead of the :php:`render()` method.

Reviewer: You write "instead of render()", but render() is currently part of the interface. So you have to implement it, or am I wrong.

So maybe: "... should implement modifyView() together with the render() method." or similar.

Author: It was actually written like that in the changelog, but I agree it sounds confusing.   Changed it

The transition should be smooth. Consumers that need
:php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Page\PageRenderer` for JavaScript magic, should use
:ref:`dependency injection <dependency-injection>` to receive an instance
of it.

> A :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\LoginProvider\LoginProviderInterface` could

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\LoginProvider\LoginProviderInterface` could
```
